this week we're going to do a penne and
vodka source I'm going to show you how
easy it is to do a vodka sauce put a
couple of tablespoons of olive oil in a
pan add a couple of slices of pancetta
that you've diced up and if you don't
have fun check that you can use a few
slices of bacon just slice it up and
cook it into the oil and just cook the
pancetta over medium heat for about five
minutes and to this I'm going to add a
few shakes of crushed red pepper now
lower your heat all the way and add a
cup of vodka and now you want to cook
this down till it reduces by half after
it's reduced to about half now pour in
your modern odd and I'm gonna put a link
where you can make this or of course you
can make your own recipe and pour it in
there's about 35 ounces of montana and
stir that in and now add a cup of heavy
cream and just mix that in well after
you're done mixing this you're gonna
cover it just slightly not all the way
and let it cook for about 15 minutes in
the meantime make your pasta then take
your pasta and just pour it right into
the sauce and now toss this around and
just throw some fresh parsley right over
that and you can now serve dinner isn't
this gorgeous and look how easy it is to
make penne and vodka sauce right so
delicious it's one of my favorite one of
my favorite mmm it's so good so good do
you want to try it oh god it's so good
there you go it's so easy to make your
own penne and vodka sauce I hope you try
this you can also add grilled chicken in
there you can add shrimp scallops
anything you like I hope you try this
don't forget to thumbs up and enjoy for
more dinner recipes check out my
playlist and don't forget to subscribe I
post a new video every Saturday